DOMString -> string (#15976)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/paymentaddress/index.md

## Properties

- {{domxref('PaymentAddress.addressLine')}} {{readonlyinline}}{{deprecated_inline}}

>   - : An array of string objects providing each line of the address not included among the other properties. The exact size and content varies by country or location and can include, for example, a street name, house number, apartment number, rural delivery route, descriptive instructions, or post office box number.

Author: ```suggestion
  - : An array of strings providing each line of the address not included among the other properties. The exact size and content varies by country or location and can include, for example, a street name, house number, apartment number, rural delivery route, descriptive instructions, or post office box number.
```
